RFC 185: Add WebDriver BiDi support to testdriver.js (#185)
web-platform-tests/rfcs: README.md

Cases where the RFC process need *not* be used:

 - Introducing a new top-level directory for a new specification.

>  - Extending testdriver.js with a method that closely matches a [WebDriver Classic](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/) or [WebDriver BiDi](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi) endpoints. To notify maintainers of testdriver.js vendor integration, label the pull request `testdriver.js`. (This exemption was introduced by [RFC 127](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/rfc_exemption_testdriver_method.md) and [RFC 185](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/testdriver_bidi.md).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Extending testdriver.js with a method that closely matches a [WebDriver Classic](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/) endpoint or a [WebDriver BiDi](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi) command or event. To notify maintainers of testdriver.js vendor integration, label the pull request `testdriver.js`. (This exemption was introduced by [RFC 127](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/rfc_exemption_testdriver_method.md) and [RFC 185](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/testdriver_bidi.md).)
```
